Various things in Akairo that you may find noteworthy.  
They are mostly from version 7.3.0 and higher.  

## Permissions

While inhibitors run on all commands, you may want to run on one or a few only.  
This is where the `clientPermissions` or `userPermissions` options are used in the command options.  
Note that the client is checked first.  

```js
clientPermissions: ['MANAGE_MESSAGES'],
userPermissions: ['READ_MESSAGE_HISTORY']
```

Or a function can be used:  

```js
clientPermissions: message => {
    // Return true or false.
    // Unfortunately, not async.
    // Use an inhibitor for that!
},
userPermissions: message => {
    // Same here.
}
```

These will emit a `commandBlocked` event with the reason `clientPermissions` or `userPermissions`.  

## CommandUtil

The `CommandUtil` class was touched on in tutorial #9.  
It contains methods such as `send`, `sendEmbed`, `reply`, etc. to send or edit a response.  
It also contains these properties:  
- `message.util.prefix` is the prefix used to call the command.  
- `message.util.alias` is the alias used to call the command.

So, you can basically use these to change how the commmand works.  

`message.util` is available before pre-inhibitors but after built-in pre-inhibitors.  
Those are the ones that emit `notSelf`, `client`, and `bot`.  
So even if a command was not found, anything afterwards will have what the user inputted.  

For example, if the input was `$something` but `something` is not a command:
- `message.util.prefix` would be `$`.
- `message.util.alias` would be `something`.

Then this would most likely be passed to the `messageInvalid` where you can do whatever, such as running another command.  
An example of that would be `this.handler.modules.get('somecommand').exec(message, { ... })`.  

## Class Exports

For those who do not like exporting an instance of Command, Inhibitor, or Listener, you can export a class.  
The second argument in `super()` should always be a falsey value, because normally, it is the `exec` function.  

```js
const { Command } = require('discord-akairo');

class PingCommand extends Command {
    constructor() {
        super('ping', null, {
            aliases: ['test']
        });
    }

    exec(message) {
        return message.reply('Pong!');
    }

    userPermissions(message) {
        return message.author.roles.exists(r => r.name === 'Mods');
    }
}

module.exports = PingCommand;
```

While most things must still be passed in through the options, the following can be used as methods:  
- All module types:
    - `exec`
- Command:
    - `trigger`
    - `condition`
    - `prefix`
    - `userPermissions`
    - `clientPermissions`

## Other Other Things

*More sections will be added in the future.*  
*Have fun using Akairo!*  
