This tutorial is for creating an inhibitor.  
Here, we will make inhibitors that prevents blocked entities from using the bot.  

## Blocking Users

First, go to your inhibitor directory.  
Create a new .js file and call it whatever you like.  
Then, require and export a new `Inhibitor` from discord-akairo.  
The parameters of the Inhibitor constructor are the ID, the execution function, then the options.  

```js
const { Inhibitor } = require('discord-akairo');

const blocked = [
    '112345678999911120' // Poor guy!
];

function exec(message, command){
    return command.id === 'ping' && blocked.includes(message.author.id);
}

module.exports = new Inhibitor('blocked', exec, {
    reason: 'blocked'
});
```

That's it, pretty simple.  
This inhibitor prevents those with a certain ID from using the command.  
The reason option is emitted in the command handler (more on that later).  

## Blocking Guilds

Let's create another inhibitor that prevents a guild from using your bot.  

```js
const { Inhibitor } = require('discord-akairo');

const blacklist = [
    '133115577999123456'
];

function exec(message, command){
    if (!message.guild) return;
    return blocked.includes(message.guild.id);
}

module.exports = new Inhibitor('blacklist', exec, {
    reason: 'blacklist'
});
```

Here, the guild with that ID cannot use your bot.  
If you notice, the command parameter is not used at all.  
In fact, there's no reason to even care about the command here!  
Setting the inhibitor type to `pre` makes it so that it runs on all messages instead.  

```js
const { Inhibitor } = require('discord-akairo');

const blacklist = [
    '133115577999123456'
];

function exec(message){
    if (!message.guild) return;
    return blocked.includes(message.guild.id);
}

module.exports = new Inhibitor('blacklist', exec, {
    reason: 'blacklist',
    type: 'pre'
});
```
## Built-In Inhibitors

Don't worry about creating inhibitors for things like ignoring bots or ignoring yourself.  
Here are the built-in inhibitors, by order of testing:  

- `notSelf` Blocks messages that are not made by you, if selfbot.
- `client` Blocks messages made by the client.
- `bot` Blocks messages made by a bot.
- `owner` Blocks a command if the ownerOnly option is true and the user is not the owner.
- `guild` Blocks a command if it is restricted to guild and not used in a guild.
- `dm` Blocks a command if it is restricted to DM and not used in a DM.
