# Commands and Arguments

### Commands
Now that your framework is setup, let's make some commands.  
Here is a simple ping command.  
In the Getting Started example, this file would be placed in the `src/commands/` folder.

```js
const Command = require('discord-akairo').Command;

function exec(message){
    message.channel.send('pong');
}

module.exports = new Command('ping', ['ping', 'hello', 'hi'], [], exec);
```

This command can now be called with `!ping`, `!hello`, or `!hi`, and the bot will respond with `pong`.  

Note that the `exec` function is not an arrow function. This is because of how `this` works in JS.  
If the `exec` function is an arrow function, you will not have access to `this.framework.client`, `this.commandHandler`, etc.  
The same behavior applies to inhibitors and listeners.  

### Arguments
One of the big things that Akairo has to offer is its argument parser.  
In the `args` parameter of the Command constructor, you can put some arguments.  

```js
module.exports = new Command('person', ['person'], [
    {id: 'firstName'},
    {id: 'lastName'},
    {id: 'age', type: 'number', defaultValue: 18}
], exec);
```

This will create three arguments: `firstName`, `lastName`, and `age`.  
You can access them in the `exec` function like so:  

```js
function exec(message, args){
    message.channel.send(`Your name is ${args.firstName} ${args.lastName} and you are ${args.age} years old!`);
}
```

If someone used `!person John Smith 24`, the output will be `Your name is John Smith and you are 24 years old!`.  
If someone used `!person Bob Smith`, the output will be `Your name is Bob Smith and you are 18 years old!`.  
If someone used `!person Kevin Smith not-a-number`, the output will be `Your name is Kevin Smith and you are 18 years old!`.  

### Flags and Prefixes
Flags and prefixes allow for even more customization.  

```js
module.exports = new Command('number', ['number'], [
    {id: 'number', type: 'number'},
    {id: 'times', type: 'number', parse: 'prefix', prefix: '--times:', defaultValue: 1},
    {id: 'big', parse: 'flag', prefix: '--big'}
], exec);
```

An argument with the `parse` property set to `'prefix'` or `'flag'` makes it ignore word order.  
`'prefix'` finds words that starts with the argument's `prefix` property, and `'flag'` find words that match the `prefix` property.  
So, you can use any of these commands:  
`!number 15 --times:5 --big`  
`!number 15 --big --times:5`  
`!number --big 15 --times:5`  
`!number --times:5 --big 15` (Imagine a lot of whitespace between the words, Markdown doesn't like spaces.)  

Whatever order you can think of, the value of `args` in the `exec` function will be:  
```
{
    number: 15,
    times: 5,
    big: true
}
```

### Text and Content
The other possible `parse` types are `'text'`, `'content'`, and `'rest'`.  
The difference is that `'text'` would give you all the words in the input with the words matching prefixes removed.  
`'content'` just gives you everything after the command.  
`'rest'` gives you the text after the specified word index.  

For the first example above, `'text'` would give you `'15'` while `'content'` would give you `'15 --times:5 --big'`.  
For the fourth example above, `'text'` would give you `'15'` while `'content'` would give you `'--times:5 --big 15'` (with the whitespace).  